AWS Compute Services
Here, are Cloud Compute Services offered by Amazon:
1. EC2(Elastic Compute Cloud) - EC2 is a virtual machine in the cloud on which you have OS level control. You can run this cloud server whenever you want.
2. LightSail -This cloud computing tool automatically deploys and manages the computer, storage, and networking capabilities required to run your applications.
3. Elastic Beanstalk —  The tool offers automated deployment and provisioning of resources like a highly scalable production website.
4. EKS (Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes) — The tool allows you to Kubernetes on Amazon cloud environment without installation.
5. AWS Lambda — This AWS service allows you to run functions in the cloud. The tool is a big cost saver for you as you to pay only when your functions execute.
Migration
Migration services used to transfer data physically between your datacenter and AWS.
1. DMS (Database Migration Service) -DMS service can be used to migrate on-site databases to AWS. It helps you to migrate from one type of database to another — for example, Oracle to MySQL.
2. SMS (Server Migration Service) - SMS migration services allows you to migrate on-site servers to AWS easily and quickly.
3. Snowball — Snowball is a small application which allows you to transfer terabytes of data inside and outside of AWS environment.
Storage
1. Amazon Glacier- It is an extremely low-cost storage service. It offers secure and fast storage for data archiving and backup.
2. Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)- It provides block-level storage to use with Amazon EC2 instances. Amazon Elastic Block Store volumes are network-attached and remain independent from the life of an instance.
3. AWS Storage Gateway- This AWS service is connecting on-premises software applications with cloud-based storage. It offers secure integration between the company's on-premises and AWS's storage infrastructure.
Security Services
1. IAM (Identity and Access Management) —  IAM is a secure cloud security service which helps you to manage users, assign policies, form groups to manage multiple users.
2. Inspector — It is an agent that you can install on your virtual machines, which reports any security vulnerabilities.
3. Certificate Manager — The service offers free SSL certificates for your domains that are managed by Route53.
4. WAF (Web Application Firewall) — WAF security service offers application-level protection and allows you to block SQL injection and helps you to block cross-site scripting attacks.
5. Cloud Directory — This service allows you to create flexible, cloud-native directories for managing hierarchies of data along multiple dimensions.
6. KMS (Key Management Service) — It is a managed service. This security service helps you to create and control the encryption keys which allows you to encrypt your data.
7. Organizations — You can create groups of AWS accounts using this service to manages security and automation settings.
8. Shield — Shield is managed DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service protection service). It offers safeguards against web applications running on AWS.
9. Macie — It offers a data visibility security service which helps classify and protect your sensitive critical content.
10. GuardDuty —It offers threat detection to protect your AWS accounts and workloads.
Database Services
1. Amazon RDS- This Database AWS service is easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.
2. Amazon DynamoDB- It is a fast, fully managed NoSQL database service. It is a simple service which allow cost-effective storage and retrieval of data. It also allows you to serve any level of request traffic.
3. Amazon ElastiCache- It is a web service which makes it easy to deploy, operate, and scale an in-memory cache in the cloud.
4. Neptune- It is a fast, reliable and scalable graph database service.
5. Amazon RedShift - It is Amazon's data warehousing solution which you can use to perform complex OLAP queries.
Analytics
1. Athena — This analytics service allows perm SQL queries on your S3 bucket to find files.
2. CloudSearch — You should use this AWS service to create a fully managed search engine for your website.
3. ElasticSearch — It is similar to CloudSearch. However, it offers more features like application monitoring.
4. Kinesis — This AWS analytics service helps you to stream and analyzing real-time data at massive scale.
5. QuickSight —It is a business analytics tool. It helps you to create visualizations in a dashboard for data in Amazon Web Services. For example, S3, DynamoDB, etc.
6. EMR (Elastic Map Reduce) —This AWS analytics service mainly used for big data processing like Spark, Splunk, Hadoop, etc.
7. Data Pipeline — Allows you to move data from one place to another. For example from DynamoDB to S3.
Management Services
1. CloudWatch — Cloud watch helps you to monitor AWS environments like EC2, RDS instances, and CPU utilization. It also triggers alarms depends on various metrics.
2. CloudFormation — It is a way of turning infrastructure into the cloud. You can use templates for providing a whole production environment in minutes.
3. CloudTrail — It offers an easy method of auditing AWS resources. It helps you to log all changes.
4. OpsWorks — The service allows you to automated Chef/Puppet deployments on AWS environment.
5. Config — This AWS service monitors your environment. The tool sends alerts about changes when you break certain defined configurations.
6. Service Catalog — This service helps large enterprises to authorize which services user will be used and which won't.
7. AWS Auto Scaling — The service allows you to automatically scale your resources up and down based on given CloudWatch metrics.
8. Systems Manager — This AWS service allows you to group your resources. It allows you to identify issues and act on them.
9. Managed Services—It offers management of your AWS infrastructure which allows you to focus on your applications.
Application Services
1. Step Functions — It is a way of visualizing what's going inside your application and what different microservices it is using.
2. SWF (Simple Workflow Service) — The service helps you to coordinate both automated tasks and human-led tasks.
3. SNS (Simple Notification Service) — You can use this service to send you notifications in the form of email and SMS based on given AWS services.
4. SQS (Simple Queue Service) — Use this AWS service to decouple your applications. It is a pull-based service.
5. Elastic Transcoder — This AWS service tool helps you to change a video's format and resolution to support various devices like tablets, smartphones, and laptops of different resolutions.
Deployment and Management
1. AWS CloudTrail: The services records AWS API calls and send backlog files to you.
2. Amazon CloudWatch: The tools monitor AWS resources like Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS DB Instances. It also allows you to monitor custom metrics created by user's applications and services.
3. AWS CloudHSM: This AWS service helps you meet corporate, regulatory, and contractual, compliance requirements for maintaining data security by using the Hardware Security Module(HSM) appliances inside the AWS environment.
Configuring EC2 instances using console
1. Open AWS console and login to your account.
2. Select EC2 from the above services menu and select EC2 dashboard.
3. Choose a type of Amazon Machine Image (AMI). 
4. Choose a type of instance.
5. Configure the details like number of instances, attachment of subnets etc.
6. Add storage volumes to your instance.
7. Add tags to identify your resource.
8. Configure a security group for your instance.
9. Review settings of your instance and click on launch.
10. Create or select keys to access your EC2 instance.
Setting Security Groups
1. Open AWS console and login to your account.
2. Select EC2 from the above services menu and select Security Group under Network and Security.
3. Click on create Security Group.
4. Select the blue “Create Security Group” button
5. Enter the security group name and description
6. Select the appropriate VPC.
7.  Add your rules, as required, by selecting the “Add Rule” button.  
Setting up Elastic IPs
1. Open AWS console and login to your account.
2. Select EC2 from the above services menu and select Elastic IPs under Network and Security.
3. Click on allocate Elastic IP addresses.
4. Click on option of Amazon's pool of IPv4 addresses and click allocate.
5. You can assign this Elastic IP address to your instance during configuring the details of the EC2 instance.
Assigning EBS volumes to EC2 instance 
1. Open AWS console and login to your account.
2. Select EC2 from the above services menu and select volumes under Elastic Block Store.
3. Click on create volume. 
4. Select the volume type and size according to the usage. Assign an availability zone. 
5. Click on create volume. You can add this EBS volume to required instance when you’re configuring the storage of your instance.